sintra portugal
civil engineering designer – idea lab - civil engineering office
technical computer drawing for execution projects.
terms of reference and budgeting.
previous study of plantations.

sintra portugal
landscape architect – landscape - atelier of landscape architecture
conception of landscape architecture projects: drawn and written pieces.
study level prior to licensing and execution.
planning studies for subdivisions.
photomontages and visual simulations for projects.
meetings with clients advice and sale of services.
contact with suppliers and construction and gardening companies.
team supervision and project management.
on a professional internship from 4/1/2021 to 12/31/2021

Lisbon, Portugal
math and statistics tutor
explanations of mathematics and statistics to higher education students.
26/07/2018 - 14/09/2018 - mem martins portugal
plant production stage - free plant - ornamental plant nursery
reception order management and provisioning.
customer service and advice.
maintenance of production fields (watering, pruning, weeding, management and sanitation).


masters in data science in agriculture food forest and environment
– higher institute of agronomy


green data science focusing on environmental and agronomic climate data with application of
engineering knowledge to modeling through databases of the area. python learning
sql and iot data collection and visualization tools. theoretical foundations of data storage
data and machine learning.
optional: ecology and management of animal populations modeling and environmental planning and marketing.


master's degree in landscape architecture - superior institute of agronomy
acquisition of skills for the practice of architecture accredited by the order. deepening of
knowledge of execution design and applied engineering as well as urban planning and ordering of the
territory with application of arcgis and autocad.
optional ornamental horticulture.


formation of financial statement models – help
execution and analysis of balance sheets.
cash flow statements.
preparation of financial budgets.

rational food training nutrition and dietetics – aedl - activities
educational
rational food bases.
Food constituents and functions.
nutritional and caloric component of staple foods.

training for quality management system audits – bestcenter
norm np en iso 19011
audit phases and final report.
monitoring program reviews and nonconformities

equipment and service acquisition training – bestcenter
code of contracts and public tenders.
types of procedures.
phases of procurement processes and tender documents.

video editing training – aedl - educational activities
video editing in davinci resolve program.
theoretical foundations on editing. 2/6
resolution, frame rate, aspect ratio and rendering.
management of sound clips, transitions and effects.

course of strategic leadership and management specialization – university of illinois
by coursera
specialization part of the master of business administration with 6 disciplines of leadership foundations of the
day-to-day applications of leadership organization planning organization management organization strategies
business and corporate strategy. fundamentals of strategy and effective leadership are taught to
people, teams and organizations to develop tools to analyze business situations. It is
Developed a practical skills framework for immediate impact with leadership and strategy.
this specialization covers human resource strategy and organizational foundations in order to create value and
sustainable talent capture.

course of tropical forest landscapes 101: conservation & restoration – yale
university by coursera
ecology of tropical forests.
biological, social and economic considerations in tropical landscape restoration.
conservation, restoration and financing strategies.

formation of basic notions of technical management of human resources - aedl -
educational activities
labor legislation rights and duties.
remuneration models salary calculations working hours vacation maps.
recruitment techniques analysis of qualifications and admissions.

course of climate solutions – university of edinburgh by edx
climate statistics and projections.
concepts of neutrality and consequences of an increase of 15ºC.
personal business and nation solutions.

course of nutrient removal and resource recovery in wastewater – university of
purdue by edx
nitrogen and phosphorus removal processes.
recovery of nutrients and metals.
anaerobic digestion and impact factors.


advanced image processing training – aedl - educational activities
image editing in gimp program.
photomontage and photo manipulation.

training in digital marketing techniques and social media management – aedl -
educational activities
fundamentals in ma theory marketing.
publications on social networks.
search engine optimization and target audience identification.

course of nature based metropolitan solutions – university of wageningen by edx
critical thinking about the urban landscape architecture.
elements of nature-based solutions.
large-scale landscape implementation and application.

course of digital marketing strategy – university of edinburgh by edx
fundamentals about the importance of digital marketing.
the added value proposal in services.
competitor and persona analysis.
creating innovative and impactful content.
develop digital marketing strategies.

course of landscape ecology – university of eth zurich by edx
theory and foundations of landscape architecture ecology.
quantitative measurement methods.
urban landscape modeling.

course of ecology: ecosystem dynamics and conservation – american museum of
natural history by coursera
study of animal population and system variations in key species.
coexistence of species in the habitat.
ecosystem restoration methods.

course of energy within environmental constraints – university of harvard by edx
Environmental impacts pros and cons of fossil solar nuclear types of energy.
the electrical network its functioning and world values in sankey diagrams
leveled energy prices and costs system efficiency and service life.

course of sustainability – university of illinois by coursera
introduction to the notion of sustainability in the face of global changes ecosystem degradation and limit of
resources. knowledge in the area of theory and practice of sustainability including population ecosystems
global change energy agriculture water economics the environment and cultural history. formation of
principles of long-term well-being of the population. knowledge in interdisciplinary areas to
recognize the motivations of humanity by measuring the challenges of sustainability.

course of astrobiology – university of edinburgh by coursera
life definition concepts where and how it originated. alternative chemistry of life forms.
original environment for the formation of life. the first records of cellular life adaptations and life in
extreme environments. extremophiles. the limits of life. conditions for habitation on other planets. as
look for signs of life. mars europa enceladus and other icy bodies. types of planets and methods
to find exoplanets. biosignatures.
final average final rating - 19
Lisbon, Portugal
bologna degree in landscape architecture – superior institute of agronomy
knowledge of the sciences and arts necessary to understand cultural processes and the genesis and
evolution of the landscape with critical and interpretive capacity;
mastery of techniques and biological and inert materials necessary for the construction of the landscape that allows the
collect selection and integration of information related to it;
capacity for artistic expression necessary for the representation of the landscape;
technical and practical mastery of computer aided design tools;
knowledge of the methodology and principles of landscape architecture design.
tapada da Ajuda address alcântara lisbon portugal

level in qeq level 6 qrq national classification degree
Lisbon, Portugal
training in photoshop + illustrator + indesign – arqcoop - cooperative for the
professional insertion in architecture
training in the use of programs in a professional context.
photoshop: - layers (layers) selections automatic selection tools transitions (treatment of
selections) masks effects (ambient color movement) photomontage perspectives and shadows.
illustrator: - introduction to vector drawing converting images and texts into vector editing/modification
of vectors text clipping of images through vectors and export.
indesign: - notions of layout introduction to pagination manipulation of texts and images master pages
styles and rules automatic indexes automatic sequential numbering and export.

driving license: b
tapada da Ajuda address alcântara lisbon portugal
website https://www.arqcoop.com/photoshop-illustrator-indesign/
2011 – 2016 – sintra portugal
science and technology course – secondary school of santa maria
secondary education with a focus on science and technology with subjects from Portuguese Mathematics to
biology and geology physics and chemistry philosophy psychology and a foreign language - English.
address portala de sintra sintra portugal website http://www.essmaria.net/

graphics and visualization
autocad civil 3d lumion sketchup twinmotion blender and unreal engine adobe cloud (photoshop
indesign illustrator) open source broadcast (obs) davinci resolve and gimp
mapping and analysis
arcgis and qgis
essential tools
microsoft office (word excel powerpoint)
data science
python git openrefine sql mariadb dbeaver pandas tensorflow stable diffusion jupyter notebook
google colab numpy matplotlib keras scikit-learn